1. The most common form I've come across while browsing the web is the "contact us" form. For example, you can find one version of it on the front page of the university's website. It provides three different text boxes to fill out: your name, your email, and what message you want to include with it. The purpose of this form is straightforward - it is to provide the contact information of the interested party for one of the company's workers to then utilize later to reach out to that party.

Another form that I commonly see utilized is one that is typically on Google Docs, where we use a check box entry format to figure out what times/days people are available to meet for a specific situation.
2. One example of a text input is the one I mentioned earlier: the "contact us" form, which is used for just about every business that has a website. After all, who would want to miss out on a potential customer?

For both a selection input and a button input, the easiest example to give is in Moodle, itself, when students take quizzes. The multiple choice options can be done either through "select all that apply" (the selection input) or "choose the correct answer" (the button input.)
3. My work cycle for this assignment was a bit more straightforward than the last one. I started by setting up the Index and getting the four main document elements and meta elements coded in. After that, I followed the step-by-step instructions of how to make a table and then how to make a form. I spent about two hours tinkering around with the formatting just to see if I could make it look cleaner on the web page before it felt good enough for submission. The one thing where I struggled for a bit was formatting the form so that they all were within the same box without causing weird overlapping of text, but was able to figure that out after a bit of googling.
