1. When I came into this course, I honestly had very little knowledge about web development, other than with websites that do all of the background work for you such as Wix. The most profound lessons that I appreciated were understanding how GitHub functions, as well as how the code language of HTML and CSS function.

2. When it comes to web design, I felt like I learned a fair amount, particularly when it came to CSS coding. While I had a lot of fun spending time tinkering with the formatting to fit the aesthetic I was looking for, I feel like there's a significant amount more that I could do. While the look of the websites were close to what I was picturing, I could never get it quite right. Importing media through embedded content was a fascinatingly simple task, and it definitely was brilliant to finally understand.

3. This assignment took the most time out of all of them. Fitting, considering it was the final. I first started by figuring out what content I wanted to have for the page - the thing that came to mind the easiest was my prior experience as an Overwatch team captain and coach. Once I had that firmly settled, I went to figure out what color scheme to use - finally settling on the color scheme of Overwatch itself. Then I spent a bunch of time moving and re-sizing panels to get a more professional look. There was more I wanted to do, but couldn't figure out how exactly to make it work, even when googling it. (In hindsight, it looks like a large part of this is because the functions I wanted to utilize would have required JavaScript.) Finally, after I completed all the formatting, I wrote the text that would fill the content, taking the place of the "lorem ipsum" placeholder I put in beforehand.
