1. Universal selector types are used when styling all of the elements on a page. Element selector types are slightly more detailed and only select all elements of a certain type. Class selector types are even more detailed and select elements that perform a specific function. Finally, id selector types are the most detailed and only select one element. The main reason for choosing one over the other to style content really depends on how specific you're wanting to style. For example, universal selector types are great at setting the style for an entire page, while id selector types are more ideal for detailed sections.
2. The color palette I wanted to go with was what resonated with me the most from my childhood and this time period. It was the time where I first experienced television, and the memories of spending the day at a friend's house watching Nickelodeon and Disney Channel are extremely nostalgic. It's also when I started to use a computer and discovered Limewire to try and get songs that I normally wasn't able to access. So I went with the color aesthetic of those three brands. For Nickelodeon, I used the hex code of #ff6200. For Disney, #4399de. Finally, for Limewire, I used #23d513. Although these don't quite match the original logos, it's the closest I could find when pulling colors online.
3. This project was interesting, as I started one way and then reworked it to fit the page an entirely different way. At first, while following the instructions, I started with four colors and brands, but then found that my page was starting to look way too similar to the example website (especially since they both handle the 2000s). Not wanting to have what looks really close to a carbon copy, I removed the brand aesthetic that I was least interested in and worked on making the top half of a page only one color. That required adding a whole other class and making the sizing of that fit the whole width while still only having a height of 50%. Once I did that, I had to make some more adjustments to make everything clean - I think the end result turned out quite nice. I definitely struggled with getting everything to fit properly, but realized I was missing a couple position codes.
